README.md, before:

# Minimum Description Length Binning

This is an implementation of Usama Fayyad's entropy based
expert binning method.

Please read the original paper
<a href="http://sci2s.ugr.es/keel/pdf/algorithm/congreso/fayyad1993.pdf">here</a>
for more information.

# Installation and Usage

This code is built using Cython, so you have to run the makefile
in the directory.  First install the requirements with

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

and then run

```
make
```

Afterwards, assuming that `discretization.py` and `_mdlp.so` are in the
same directory, you can import the MDLP class.

```
>>> from discretization import MDLP
>>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
>>> iris = load_iris()
>>> X = iris.data
>>> y = iris.target
>>> mdlp = MDLP()
>>> conv_X = mdlp.fit_transform(X, y)
```

I recommend creating a virtual environment for this project.

# Tests

To run the unit tests, first install test requirements with

```
pip install -r requirements-test.txt
```

and then run

```
py.test tests/
```

Commit message:

packaging changes (#25)
* packaging changes

* add in cpp file

* general cleanup

1. make install link in readme explicit
2. link to paper links to higher quality scan
3. setup.py is executable
4. set version number correctly

README.md, after:

# Minimum Description Length Binning

This is an implementation of Usama Fayyad's entropy based
expert binning method.

Please read the original paper
<a href="http://web.donga.ac.kr/kjunwoo/files/Multi%20interval%20discretization%20of%20continuous%20valued%20attributes%20for%20classification%20learning.pdf">here</a>
for more information.

# Installation and Usage

Install using pip

```
pip install git+https://github.com/hlin117/mdlp-discretization
```

As with all python packages, it is recommended to create a virtual environment
when using this project.

# Example

```
>>> from mdlp.discretization import MDLP
>>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
>>> transformer = MDLP()
>>> iris = load_iris()
>>> X, y = iris.data, iris.target
>>> X_disc = transformer.fit_transform(X, y)
```

# Tests

To run the unit tests, clone the repo and install in development mode

```
git clone https://github.com/hlin117/mdlp-discretization
cd mdlp-discretization
pip install -e .
```

then run tests with py.test

```
py.test tests
```

# Development

To submit changes to this project, make sure that you have Cython installed and
submit the compiled *.cpp file along with changes to python code after running
installation locally.
